All right.
So where we are on proper noun correction what we're trying to do here is we're going to pass in a string
and we want to treat it as a proper name meaning that we want to have the first letter capitalized in
the rest of it lowercase So in our example here is Paris come out like this.
An example like John it'll come out as strong some methods or some hints that I use was to uppercase
to lowercase concat and slice a lot of methods for pretty simple simple function.
It was great and jump into it.
All right so we talked a little bit about what the objective here is and really what it's comes down
to two pieces the first character which we need to uppercase and the rest of the string which we need
to lower case that's what we're into right now.
So you go ahead and create this Conte's and we're just going to call this first char and where it's
at this equal to the noun that we're passing in that we're now going to make proper and that zero character
on that very first character we want to put the two uppercase value of it.
Now after that what we want to do is we want to get the rest of the values in lowercase and the way
that we can do that is we can just create this rail which I just call the rest of word.
And we're going to slice off all of the string except the very first index values so we're going to
slice it off starting on the one index and not the zero because we don't want that and going for the
length of the string and on top of that will reduce and go ahead and chain the two lower case the value
here together.
And now all we have to do is return that value and we can go ahead and take the first chart and concat
the value rest of word on top of it and we're done.
It's going to handle all cases of a single string coming in regardless of how many are capitalized and
whatnot.
Pretty straightforward.
Our rhythm just really testing your.
Hey can I put all these little pieces together these four little methods together.
Not the only way to solve it but it's a simple way.